- [Instructor] Please open the source code to
zero three, underscore zero two, underscore begin,
slash SpringBootProduction directory in IntelliJ.
We are going to back out the changes
from the previous lesson with GraalVM.
Let's remove the plugins in our build.gradle file
or spring Experimental AOT and GraalVM.
Let's change the source compatibility from 11 to 1.8.
And at the bottom we'll take out the native
and native test directives.
Then we're going to load the settings.gradle
and we're going to remove the plugin management.
With that complete,
we're going to go to down to our terminal.
We're going to type sdk list java.
And as you can see here,
we still have our GraalVM installed.
So, we're going to switch back,
to coretto 8.312.07.1 amazon.
We'll copy that at q to quit.
We'll type sdk use java
and paste that in, hit enter.
Type java dash version.
And we can see that we're now back to 1.8
for our Java version.
Let's clear the window.
Next, let's go ahead and clean and build our project.
Okay.
Let's go ahead and run the project to validate it.
Type java dash jar dash Dspring profiles.active
equals dev build slash libs slash,
hit the tab key, dot jar and hit enter.
We're going to expand our properties window here,
so we can get a better picture of what's happening.
Okay.
From the looks of the logs, everything looks copacetic.
So, we're going to control + C to kill this
and now we're going to go to our AWS console
and if you have not logged into the AWS console
you need to do that now.
I'm on the Elastic Beanstalk page.
To get there, type Elastic Beanstalk in the search window
and click the link for Elastic Beanstalk.
Once this loads,
you're going to click the Create Application button
and for the application name,
we're going to type, springboot prod app.
We'll leave the Application tags blank.
For the platform, we'll choose Java.
For the coretto branch, we'll say version eight
to match what our application is built for.
And for Application code,
we're going to click, upload your code.
We'll choose, local file.
We'll choose chapter zero three.
Chapter zero three zero two begin.
Springbootproduction, build, libs and the snapshot dot jar.
Click open.
When this is done, you should see a green check mark.
Let's click, create application.
At this point, AWS Elastic Beanstalk
is creating a number of things in the background
for your application.
It's taking care of security, security groups,
target groups, revisioning of S3 storage buckets
or environmental data.
It's provisioning load balancers and scaling groups.
And really, it's doing a lot.
And besides that, this process will take a few minutes.
Okay. We're almost there.
Okay.
When this is done,
our app may start to show some health problems
because we've not set our spring profile as of yet
nor have we set the appropriate port.
To do this, we'll click on, configuration.
Next, you'll click on the software row and click edit.
We'll scroll down until we see gradle home, Java home,
M2, M2 home.
We'll click in the open properties field,
we'll type, in all caps, SPRING PROFILES ACTIVE
and we'll set the value to dev.
In the next line, we'll type server underscore port.
We'll set this to 5000
even though we've configured it to run on 9000.
This is because AWS uses the 5000 server port by default
for spring boot applications.
When you're done, scroll down and click Apply.
This will cause the server Health to refresh.
And this too will take a minute.
Okay. So the server Health is refreshed and now it's green.
Let's go ahead and click the link here
and this will load our page.
All right.
As promised, we're now going to go back
and undeploy this application.
We'll do this by first clicking on, Environments.
We'll select our environment.
We'll go to Actions and we'll terminate.
we'll type in, springbootprodapp dash env dash one.
You can copy that, paste it here and click Terminate.
In the final step,
you click the radio button for the application,
go to Actions and delete application.
Here, we'll copy the name of the app
and paste and click Delete.
And that's it.
We have successfully deployed the application
using AWS Beanstalk,
as well as walk through the undeployment steps.